1. King Charles becomes first head of Church of England to pray publicly with Pope
2. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
3. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island
4. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
5. France backing away from pledge to intercept migrant boats, sources tell BBC
6. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
7. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
8. Rubio warns against West Bank annexation after Israel's parliament advances move
9. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
10. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island
11. Videos show blast at Russia munitions factory that reportedly killed 10
12. US kills three in second strike on alleged drug boats in the Pacific
13. Toxic air is back again in Delhi - here's why it's so hard to stop it
14. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
15. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
16. More to explore
17. What's at stake as Trump boat strikes strain US-Colombia alliance
18. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
19. How the outsourcing sector became South Africa's newest goldmine
20. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
21. IOC to tell members not to host events in Indonesia
22. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
23. IOC to tell members not to host events in Indonesia
24. Most watched
25. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island
26. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either'
27. Pen pals from Canada and Singapore meet for the first time after 43 years
28. NYC mayoral candidates clash over Trump and political experience
29. Watch: Mum helps evacuate 22 schoolchildren from bus as it catches fire
30. Also in news
31. Blackouts hit Russia's Belgorod as Ukrainian drone attacks surge
32. US axes website for reporting human rights abuses by US-armed foreign forces
33. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
34. Tesla profits slide despite record revenue
35. Three officers hurt and 24 arrested during disorder in Dublin
36. US axes website for reporting human rights abuses by US-armed foreign forces
37. TikTok creator and US marshal shot during LA immigration raid
38. Barbs fly as Mamdani and Cuomo meet in final, furious New York mayoral debate
39. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
40. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
41. Rubio warns against West Bank annexation after Israel's parliament advances move
42. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
43. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
44. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
45. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
46. Met officer sacked after BBC Panorama investigation
47. Why Beyond Meat shares surged over 1,000% in four days
48. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
49. Trump says 'existing structure' of White House East Wing to be torn down
50. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
51. A glimpse of the future? Liverpool 'near perfect' despite Isak injury
52. I nearly quit football for basketball - Gvardiol
53. Women's World Cup: Mandhana falls for brilliant 109 but India pass 210-1
54. Women's Footballer of the Year contender Hampton
55. A glimpse of the future? Liverpool 'near perfect' despite Isak injury
56. England win series v NZ after rain ruins third T20
57. Wembanyama stars as Spurs dominate Mavericks
58. I nearly quit football for basketball - Gvardiol
